&gt;&gt; I want you to meet my friends, Younes and Lukasz, the instructors of this specialization. &gt;&gt; Hi, everyone. &gt;&gt; Welcome to the specialization. &gt;&gt; I know Younes for many years. He is an instructor at Stanford University and has also helped me create the deep learning specialization. Over the years, Younes unice has taught hundreds of students learning AI and machine learning and NLP and other topics for the first time and he's also mentor students on a huge variety of AI related projects. So I really thrilled to have you with us. &gt;&gt; Thanks for the introduction and it is always great working with you. &gt;&gt; Lukasz is a member of the Google Brain team where he does research on deep learning and NLP. So everything from machine translation to parsing, he is the co-author of Google's TensorFlow system as well as of the transformer network. And so his work has had a huge influence on all of NLP and AI. I'm really excited to also have Lukasz as an instructor of the specialization. &gt;&gt; Thanks for the introduction, Andrew. &gt;&gt; Younes and Lukasz will walk you through the most important concepts in natural language processing. NLP has changed a lot over the last several decades. The view has started off using primarily rule-based systems where someone might code of a rule like you see the word good, then assume this is a positive customer review to then using probabilistic systems that perform much better. But still require a lot of hand engineering to know where NLP relies much more on machine learning and deep learning. &gt;&gt; More recently with the rise of powerful computers, we can now train end-to-end systems that would have been impossible to train a few years ago. We can now capture more complicated patterns and we can use these models in question answering in chatbots, and then other applications. &gt;&gt; Many of these applications are built with attention models, which you are going to learn in this specialization. A few years ago, these models would take weeks or even months to train. But with attention, you can train these models in just a few hours. &gt;&gt; In this specialization, you learn to build NLP technologies including the same technologies as what's deployed in many large commercial systems. In the first course, you